Report Title
    Authors'names
    

Abstarct


Keywords


1- Introduction


2- Bakcground: Here you have to present definitions from the litterature, existing papers can help you to retrieve these definitions. But, this is not a 
state of the art section, be careful !!!!
2.1- Model driven Engineering : rewrite this section. This is not a state fo the art section ! you have to summarize the current section and pay attention each time you reuse concepts/definitions/etc. from existing papers then you have to cite it usin "\cite{xxx}" where xxx is the bibliogaphy entry in you refreneces.bib file.  
2.2- DSL : rewrite this section, give first general definiton of DSL and then state if exists related DSLs from the litterature that can inspire us. Then move, rewrite, and re-organise the actual proposed content of this section into the new subsections 2.5 and 2.6.   
2.3- Artificial Intelligence
2.4- IoT : nothing to be moed into section 3 right now. Cite references if you reused definition from existing papers !
2.5- EEG : please here be careful to define as well windows (for sure you have to present the most significant window parameters, which we will model later in our DSL) and signals
2.6- ECG: please here be careful to define as well windows (for sure you have to present the most significant window parameters, which we will model later in our DSL) and signals
2.7- Signals processing and Signals synchronisation : notice that we are interested in applying AI for signal processing with the aim of saving human lifes 
as best as we can. That is why we would like to study signals' synchronisation. Regarding synchronisation, you should take a look at the folder References/GALS&ClockSynchronisation in order to learn how existing work do with (clock and/or data?) synchronisation in distributed systems. 
For this subsection, you have to check in the Reference folder how langauges such as Scada, Signal, and Esterel do 
with (signals) synchronisation. 


3- State-of-the-Art:
3.1- AI for MDE/DSL : you have to take a look first at all the papers in the references folder and maybe others from the litterature 
in order to check how AI is applied for MDE and particularly DSL building (with a particular focus on IoT application!).
3.2- MDE/DSL for AI : you have to take a look first at all the papers in the references folder and maybe others from the litterature 
in order to check how MDE and particularly DSL building can imply a better data processing using AI (e.g. Machine Learning)(with a particular 
focus on IoT application!).
Remark : for each existing work, you have to present the approach (the main idea), then you have to state their methods and tools (used languages as well).

4- Case studies : we focus here in our case where we handle health care use case with, but in exhaustive way, two sensors, namely EEG and ECG devices. 
We are interrested among other properties signal synchronisation. In a very first step, you have to check from the litterature, existing use cases 
bridging MDE/IoT/AI. Learned lessons should be later applied to our case that is iDSL for IoT with a particular application for health care systems. 

5- Application Domains : you should complete this section with application domains for the use (if exists) of all "together" MDE/IoT/AI that you check out 
from existing work. 

6- Conclusion 

Remark : all along the report you have to cite existing work using bibtex format! in the latex source use ~\cite{}, add the .bib file and \input it the main file. 
